README.md, before:

# README Generator     ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)
        
### Description
This project is meant to make generating a professional README quick and easy. It runs in the terminal, asking the user questions about their project. When the answers are completed, a README file is created and ready to be uploaded to the user's repo.

### Table Of Contents
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [License](#License)
- [Questions](#Questions)

### Installation <a name="Installation"></a>
How to install: This project requires .fs and .inquirer. Please refer to the package.json for more info about dependencies. Once these are installed, simply type "node index.js" into the terminal.

### Usage <a name="Usage"></a>
Each question creates a section of the README. Simply type your answers in as you would like them to be displayed.

### Contributing <a name="Contributing"></a>
Please contact me before contributing.

### Tests <a name="Tests"></a>
N/A

### License <a name="License"></a>
This project is licensed under MIT. For more information about this license, visit [opensource.org](http://www.opensource.org).

### Questions  <a name="Questions"></a>
[Click here to visit my GitHub](http://github.com/sorengrey/)
and if you have any questions, send an email to halexsmith86@gmail.com.

Commit message:

Added screenshot of example and walkthru link

README.md, after:

# README Generator     ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg)
        
### Description
This project is meant to make generating a professional README quick and easy. It runs in the terminal, asking the user questions about their project. When the answers are completed, a README file is created and ready to be uploaded to the user's repo.

![screenshot of portfolio website](./example-screenshot-for-readme.png?raw=true "screenshot of example readme")
[Click here for a video walkthrough.](https://sorengrey.github.io/responsive-portfolio-hw/)<br><br>

### Table Of Contents
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Usage](#Usage)
- [Contributing](#Contributing)
- [Tests](#Tests)
- [License](#License)
- [Questions](#Questions)

### Installation <a name="Installation"></a>
How to install: This project requires .fs and .inquirer. Please refer to the package.json for more info about dependencies. Once these are installed, simply type "node index.js" into the terminal.

### Usage <a name="Usage"></a>
Each question creates a section of the README. Simply type your answers in as you would like them to be displayed.

### Contributing <a name="Contributing"></a>
Please contact me before contributing.

### Tests <a name="Tests"></a>
N/A

### License <a name="License"></a>
This project is licensed under MIT. For more information about this license, visit [opensource.org](http://www.opensource.org).

### Questions  <a name="Questions"></a>
[Click here to visit my GitHub](http://github.com/sorengrey/)
and if you have any questions, send an email to halexsmith86@gmail.com.
